# YaTV
YaTV is a MariaDB database which services the YaTV.app, which provides users a streamlined way to access their various video streaming apps. 

<h2> Programs: </h2>
YaTVapp.jar is the main program that runs this application. However, there are some installation steps that must be completed before being able to run this program. Once all of these installation steps have been followed, a user should navigate to where they have downloaded this jar file and run it with the following command: "java -jar YaTVapp.jar". However this will not work until the proper software has been downloaded and the database has been set up. Follow the steps below to do so. 

<h2> Installation: </h2> 

**Downloading this repository**  
First, you need to download all of the files in this repository to your local machine. To do this, click on the green button above all of the files that says "Code" and click download zip. After you have done this, go to your downloads folder and click on the download to unzip the files. Move this unzipped folder called "YaTV" to an easily accessible place (i.e. Desktop).

**Installing XAMPP**  
Next, you need to download XAMPP. Download XAMPP v7.4.11 for your respective machine using the following link: https://sourceforge.net/projects/xampp/files/. Once you have downloaded it, run the download and follow the installation instructions.

**Creating and Populating the Database**  
Now that you have XAMPP and the files from this repository, you can now create and populate the YaTV database! The first thing to do is to open the XAMPP application that you downloaded. Once you have done this, click on the "Manage Servers" tab, select MySQL, and click start. When MySQL is running, open a terminal window and navigate to the bin directory under XAMPP.  

For Mac users the file path should be: **/Applications/XAMPP/bin**  
For Windows users the file path should be: **c:\xampp\mysql\bin**

Once you have successfully navigated to the bin directory, you should start up the MariaDB application.

The command for Mac users is: `./mysql -u root`   
The command for Windows users is: `mysql -u root`

You should be brought to a MariaDB prompt. Now it is time to source in the DDL and DML in order to create the database.  

Step 1-type this command:  
`SOURCE path/to/DDL.sql`  
(Wherever you downloaded YaTV)  

Step 2-type this command:  
`SOURCE path/to/DML.sql`  
(Wherever you downloaded YaTV)  

Congrats! The YaTV database has been created and populated!

**Running the Program**  
Everything you need to run this program has been installed and set-up so now it is time to run the program. Open up a new terminal window and navigate to where you downloaded this repository. Once you have "cd-ed" into the YaTV folder, enter the following command:  
`cd out/artifacts/YaTVapp_jar`  
Now, time to run the program. Enter the following command:  
`java -jar YaTVapp.jar`  
The program will now be running and you can follow the instructions displayed on the terminal screen to interact with the app. Happy Querying!

**_NOTE:_** When you are done running the application, open the XAMPP application again, select MySQL and click stop to stop running the server.

 <h2> Links: </h2>
 
[System build walk-through](youtube.com) <br>

[Demo of the following tasks:](youtube.com) <br>
  a) Register a new user <br>
  b) Subscribe a user to an app <br>
  c) Add a show to a user’s “My List” <br>
  d) Update an app’s version on a platform <br>
  e) Add a new video (with all associated meta data), which is the latest in a show’s current season <br>
  f) Produce a ranked list of the top-10 most watched shows, each with the corresponding app <br>
  g) Find all free videos on a particular platform <br>
  h) Find all long videos that were released this year and aren’t part of any show <br>
  i) Produce a ranked list of revenue generated by apps in a country <br>
  j) Produce a ranked list of watch counts from the top-3 video tags 
